Test_dataset_1
(derived from Falster_2005_1 in AusTraits)

reference doi: 10.1111/j.0022-0477.2005.00992.x
data_collector: Daniel Falster, Evolution & Ecology Research Centre, School of Biological, Earth, and Environmental Sciences, UNSW Sydney, Australia
collection_date: 2002-11/2002-11
description: Investigation into trait values correlated with plant height along
    light availability and successional gradients for far north Queensland species.
basis_of_record: field
life_stage: adult
sampling_strategy: Nineteen species, ranging from early to late successional status,
    were selected using published sources (Hopkins & Graham 1987; Osunkoya 1996; Hyland
    et al. 1999). Species selected to represent the light gradient establish and mature
    in closed forest, where successional species are assumed absent. For inclusion
    in this set we required that a species was known to establish and persist at low
    light levels, as indicated either by published sources (Hyland et al. 1999; Osunkoya
    1996) or by scientists familiar with the vegetation (A Graham, J Wells, CSIRO
    Atherton; R Jensen). Twenty-six species, experiencing a range of light levels
    at maturity, from high (canopy trees) to low light (understorey shrubs), were
    included.
traits:
  LMA: population-level mean measurement (3 replicates); methods: LMA was calculated as the leaf dry mass (oven-dried for 48 hours at 65
    deg C) divided by leaf size. It was measured on the first five fully expanded
    leaves at the tip of each individual.
  leaf area: population-level mean measurement (3 replicates); methods: Leaf size was calculated as the one-sided leaf area (flat bed scanner).
    It was measured on the first five fully expanded leaves at the tip of each individual.
  leaf nitrogen: population-level mean measurement (3 replicates); methods: Leaves from all individuals per species were pooled and finely ground for
    nitrogen analysis. Total nitrogen concentration (%) was measured using complete combustion gas chromatography by Waite Analytical Services, Adelaide. The first five fully expanded leaves at the tip of each individual were used for the analysis.
